keys and github actions (#79)
deta/docs: docs/cli/auth.md

```

You are now free to use the `deta` command within GitPod!

#### Using Deta in GitHub Actions with Access Tokens

> A usable example of using Deta within GitHub actions is [here](https://github.com/BogDAAAMN/deta-deploy-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this ready-to-use [GitHub action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/deploy-to-deta) to deploy deploy your app to Deta.
```
